.TH KSHOOK-WINE 1 "September 2025" "kshook-wine 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
kshook-wine \- SOUND VOLTEX EXCEED GEAR KONASTE HOOK Wine injector
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kshook-wine
.RI [ options ]
.br
.B kshook-wine init
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B kshook-wine
is a helper script to inject the
.BR kshook.dll
library into the SOUND VOLTEX EXCEED GEAR (Konaste) process running under Wine,
allowing score submission to a Tachi instance.

It supports both an interactive configuration mode and direct command-line
arguments.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B init
Run interactive initialization to set up paths to Wine prefix, Injector.exe,
kshook.dll, and the configuration file. Creates a configuration file in
~/.config/kshook-wine/config.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-prefix " " PATH
Path to the Wine prefix directory (Linux path containing drive_c).
.TP
.BR \-\-injector " " PATH
Windows path to Injector.exe used for DLL injection.
.TP
.BR \-\-dll " " PATH
Windows path to the DLL to inject (typically kshook.dll).
.TP
.BR \-\-process\-name " " NAME
Target process name (default: sv6c.exe).
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help and usage.

.SH EXAMPLES
Initialize configuration interactively:
.PP
.EX
kshook-wine init
.EE

Inject using saved configuration:
.PP
.EX
kshook-wine
.EE

Inject with explicit paths (bypassing config):
.PP
.EX
kshook-wine --prefix ~/.local/share/konaste \\
  --injector "C:\\\\Games\\\\SOUND VOLTEX EXCEED GEAR\\\\Injector.exe" \\
  --dll "C:\\\\Games\\\\SOUND VOLTEX EXCEED GEAR\\\\kshook.dll"
.EE

.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/kshook-wine/config
User configuration file storing paths to Wine prefix, Injector, DLL, and
process name.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wine (1),
.BR konaste-linux (7)
.br
Injector.exe project: https://github.com/nefarius/Injector
.br
Konaste Linux helper: https://github.com/mizztgc/konaste-linux

.SH AUTHOR
Written by pinapelz for use with SOUND VOLTEX EXCEED GEAR on Wine/Linux. See respective repositories for tools used
